The prince broke away from me just to marry her
Naturally Rong'er is better than you
Your face
And your teeth
I itch
Help me, don't hurry up and take the second lady down
Yes
This is the princess that the prince likes, you
Rong'er is better than you no matter how bad she is
But
For the sake of General Jiang
I can give you a rental status
Who wants to marry you?
This is the divorce letter.
I want to break off the marriage
Who gave you the courage to break off your marriage with Gou Qi?
Why wouldn't I?
Isn't that what you want?
I know you must have been hurt by outsider homesickness
So you dare not marry
father-in-law
No, how could he seal it?
What's wrong?
That's right.
He doesn't suspect me of having sex with other men
Then I want to surprise you with something powerful
That's right, I like Shangguan Heng, the regent of Dongli
Really?